Fortigates only support 4!!!! ECMP routes via iBGP/eBGP (ECMP load balancing across multiple (four) eBGP/iBGP connections.)
When configuring route redistribution, you cannot use multiple route-maps to control redistirbution.
When configuring route-maps, you cannot do a logical AND to match BGP communities.
Even if your interfaces are administratively down, the networks allocated on them still appear in the active routing table.
Preconfiguring a fortigate cluster and attepting to make a live HA will cause the Fortigate to disregard your HA proprities thus making the, probably factory default, fortigate your primary in the cluster.
The ipsmonitor/ipsengine process can max out your cpu under mysterious circumstances, no matter the ammount of traffic.
You cannot make insert a port into a software switch or aggregation without removing all your interface references. 
If you make a support ticket, every solution is to format the device and reapply the firmware.
Redistribution of BGP routes into OSPF causes the BGP next-hop to be put directly into the forward-address. This is not a behaviour you can modify.
QinQ is not supported.
FortiTokens can only be provisioned to one user and one device pairing in Fortimanager. Restriction does not apply on CLI.
Route-map typo'd to routemap under OSPF redistribution hierarchy. Documented "internally". #wontfix
Docs for their API cost $5000 (You need a developer account). Use of the API is free. 
Certain read-only operations (Reading config) in the FortiManager cause config write. Even if the user is configured as read-only
Configuring SFLOW on a 1500D with 5.0.X caps throughput to 1Gbit/s
Enabling IPSec NPU-Offloading on a 1500D with 5.0.X leads to _EVERY_ session on this NPU being dropped when rekeying occured
When under DoS or DDOS attack, hearbeat traffic between two Fortigates is not highest prio so a failover can happen because of heartbeats missed. Workaround: Higher timeouts for failover
When something CPU intensive happening (traffic burst, DoS, IPS going nuts) BFD packet generation is missed and route flapping happens
Fortigate will beat the Guiness World Record for the most console port types ever used. 
The GUI always seems to glitch, no matter the version of the browser.
The firmware web upgrade shows no progress bar but you'll know when it's done. Unless you decided to refresh, then you'll know faster.
Downgrading to previous firmware versions results in configuration loss on all models.
"get system autoupdate" and "get system auto-update" are not the same thing.
Can find non-numeric data in a GAUGE (fgProcessorUsage returns value of type GAUGE with added %)
Versions 4.x to 5.0.7 of FortiOS have a remotely exploitable backdoor ( https://t.co/6cOa1P5f4v ) 
GUI can sometimes give you the everything is ok error ( https://i.imgur.com/3SPoS31.png )
Interface descriptions are not exported to ifName or ifAlias in SNMP
Fortimanager stores all session logs to edge devices in plain text on disk. Including sessions pushing plain text passwords.
FortiOS 5.2.2 w/ sflow enabled breaks NPU offload for VPN encrypt/decrypt!
FortiOS 5.4.x removed the customize reports button, the button's functionality seemed to be platform dependant, not firmware version dependant.
You cannot ssh/telnet out a specific source interface, only ping. 
The recommended firmware version in the GUI does not necessarily respect the upgrade matrix. 
Adding multiple interfaces to a policy 5.4 is a 'feature' and must be enabled. 
